DOCS-2319 Synthetic Monitoring API Test, Browser Test, and Multistep API Test Edits (#11433)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/tcp_tests.md

## Overview

> TCP tests allow you to monitor whether or not low-level TCP connections can be established on the ports of given hosts, ensuring the availability of several key services such as `SSH` (22), `SMTP` (25), `DNS` (53), VPN over `HTTPS` (443), and any custom services living on other ports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TCP tests allow you to monitor whether or not low-level TCP connections can be established on the ports of given hosts, ensuring the availability of several key services such as `SSH` (22), `SMTP` (25), `DNS` (53), VPN over `HTTPS` (443), and any custom services living on other ports. With built-in response time data, track the performance of your network applications and receive alerts in case of unexpected slowness.
```

> TCP tests allow you to easily monitor whether or not low-level TCP connections can be established on the ports of given hosts, ensuring the availability of several key services such as `SSH` (22), `SMTP` (25), `DNS` (53), VPN over `HTTPS` (443), and any custom services living on other ports. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TCP tests allow you to monitor whether or not low-level TCP connections can be established on the ports of given hosts, ensuring the availability of several key services such as `SSH` (22), `SMTP` (25), `DNS` (53), VPN over `HTTPS` (443), and any custom services living on other ports. 
```

> With built-in response time data, track the performance of your network applications and receive alerts in case of unexpected slowness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> With built-in response time data, you can keep track of the performance of your network applications and be alerted in case of unexpected slowness.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With built-in response time data, track the performance of your network applications and receive alerts in case of unexpected slowness.
```

TCP tests can run from [managed][1] and [private locations][2] depending on whether you want to launch your TCP connections from outside or inside your network.

## Permissions

> By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][3] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic TCP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic TCP tests, upgrade your user to one of those [default roles][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][3] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic TCP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic TCP tests, upgrade your user to one of those two [default roles][3].
```

> By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][3] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic TCP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic TCP tests, upgrade your user to one of these two [default roles][3].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][3] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic TCP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic TCP tests, upgrade your user to one of those [default roles][3].
```

> If you have access to the [custom role feature][4], add your user to a custom role that includes `synthetics_read` and `synthetics_write` permissions for Synthetic Monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have access to the [custom role feature][4], add your user to any custom role that includes `synthetics_read` and `synthetics_write` permissions for Synthetic Monitoring.
```

When you set the alert conditions to: `An alert is triggered if any assertion fails for X minutes from any n of N locations`, an alert is triggered only if these two conditions are true:

* At least one location was in failure (at least one assertion failed) during the last *X* minutes.
* At one moment during the last *X* minutes, at least *n* locations were in failure.

#### Fast retry

> Your test can trigger retries in case of failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result-this interval can be configured via the [API][12].

Author: ```suggestion
Your test can trigger retries in case of failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result-this interval can be configured with the [API][12].
```

> Your test can trigger retries in case of failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result-this interval can be configured with the [API][12].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your test can trigger retries in case of a failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result. The retry interval can be configured with the [API][12].
```

  - `TIMEOUT: The request couldn’t be completed in a reasonable time.` indicates that the timeout happened at the TCP socket connection level.
  - `TIMEOUT: Retrieving the response couldn’t be completed in a reasonable time.` indicates that the timeout happened on the overall run (which includes TCP socket connection, data transfer, and assertions).

## Permissions

By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][11] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic TCP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic TCP tests, upgrade your user to one of those two [default roles][11].

If you have access to the [custom role feature][12], add your user to any custom role that includes `synthetics_read` and `synthetics_write` permissions for Synthetic Monitoring.

## Further Reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: /api/v1/synthetics/#get-all-locations-public-and-private
[2]: /synthetics/private_locations
[3]: /synthetics/api_tests/tcp_tests
[4]: /synthetics/search/#search
[5]: /synthetics/cicd_testing

> [6]: /api/v1/synthetics/#create-a-test

Author: ```suggestion
[6]: /api/latest/synthetics/#edit-an-api-test
```
